Start bundling libssh 0.11.2 in platform-specific wheels (#753)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/753.packaging.rst

Reviewer: Could you also add a `222.bugfix.rst` change note explaining what this fixes in that context?

Author: Added.

> Updated bundlev version of libssh to 0.11.2 in platform-specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the bundled version of libssh to 0.11.2 in platform-specific
```

Author: Fixed typo. Sorry.
